README.md, before:

# Key-Value-Data-Store

## Overview

This is a simple key-value (KV) data store implemented in Python. It supports Create, Read, and Delete (CRD) operations and has Time-to-Live (TTL) for keys, batch operations with limit of 50 operations. The data store is designed to be thread-safe and supports local file-based persistence.

## Features

- **Local File-based Storage**: Data is stored in a JSON file.
- **Thread Safety**: Supports concurrent access from multiple threads.
- **TTL Support**: Automatic expiration of keys after a specified duration.
- **Batch Operations**: Allows adding multiple key-value pairs in one call.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Thirulok-Ranganathan/Key_Value_Data_Store.git
   ```
2. Get inside root directory
   ```bash
   cd Key_Value_Data_Store
   ```
3. Open the app.py and edit the code according to your needs
   ```python
    if __name__ == "__main__":
        kv = KeyValueStore()
        print(kv.create("example_key",{"value_name": "parameter"}))
        print(kv.read("example_key"))
        print(kv.delete("example_key"))
        print(kv.batch_create([("example_key",{"value_name": "parameter"}),("example_key2",{"value_name2": "parameter2"}),("example_key3",{"value_name3": "parameter3"})]))
   ```
4. After editing run the code
   ```bash
   python3 app.py
   ```

**Note:** You could edit the code according to your needs and run it. Also import in another project as module and call the functions to execute the operations.

Commit message:

Updated README.md and renamed file

README.md, after:

# Key-Value-Data-Store

## Overview

This is a simple key-value (KV) data store implemented in Python. It supports Create, Read, and Delete (CRD) operations and has Time-to-Live (TTL) for keys, batch operations with limit of 50 operations. The data store is designed to be thread-safe and supports local file-based persistence.

## Features

- **Local File-based Storage**: Data is stored in a JSON file.
- **Thread Safety**: Supports concurrent access from multiple threads.
- **TTL Support**: Automatic expiration of keys after a specified duration.
- **Batch Operations**: Allows adding multiple key-value pairs in one call.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Python 3

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Thirulok-Ranganathan/Key_Value_Data_Store.git
   ```
2. Get inside root directory
   ```bash
   cd Key_Value_Data_Store
   ```
3. Import the KeyValueStore.py to your code
   ```python
   from KVstore import KeyValueStore
   ```
4. Initialise the module
   ```python
   kvStore = KeyValueStore() # If you need to change the data store file path --> kvStore = KeyValueStore(file_path)
   ```
**Note:** You could edit the code according to your needs and run it. Also import in another project as module and call the functions to execute the operations.

The KeyValueStore contains operations `create()`, `read()`, `delete()` and `batch_create()` 

example: 
```python
kvStore.create("example_key",{"value" : "parameter"}, ttl=20)
```
